c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\KinectFallGame.exe.config
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\KinectFallGame.exe
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\KinectFallGame.pdb
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame.g.resources
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame.exe
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame.pdb
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Speech.dll
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\drksugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\ja\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\drksugi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\bin\Debug\Resources\WindowsXPWelcomeMusic.wav
C:\Users\drksugi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectFallGame\KinectFallGame\obj\Debug\KinectFallGame_Content.g.cs
